Book: /home/volk/Library/Notes/shin_jung2020.md
---

# shin_jung2020


## <!!>

EXPERIMENTAL SECTION Materials. Polyvinylpyrrolidone (PVP, Mw ∼1 300 000 g mol−1), melamine (99%), tin(II) chloride dehydrate (SnCl2·2H2O, 98%), N,N-dimethylformamide (DMF, 99.8%), sulfuric acid (ACS reagent, 95.0−98.0%), platinum nanoparticle dispersion (3 nm particle size, 1000 ppm in H2O, 99.99% trace metals basis), and potassium tetrachloroplatinate(II) (K2PtCl4) were purchased from SigmaAldrich. All materials were used without further purification. Preparation of Pt-MCN. First, bulk graphitic carbon nitride was synthesized by directly heating melamine. A 10 g amount of melamine was put in a closed alumina crucible and then in a muffle furnace and heated at 550 °C for 3 h under ambient conditions, with a ramping rate of 5 °C min−1. After natural cooling, a yellow solid product was collected and was ground into a fine powder for further processes. The as-prepared g-CN (250 mg) was mixed with 5 mL of H2SO4 and stirred for 8 h at room temperature. After the stirring process, the mixture was slowly mixed with 50 mL of deionized (DI) water and sonicated for exfoliation. The exfoliated carbon nitride nanosheets were washed thoroughly with DI water and ethanol several times to remove residual acid. Finally, the washed light yellow solid was dried in a dry oven at 60 °C overnight. A 50 mg amount of exfoliated carbon nitride was mixed with 10 mL of DI water and sonicated using a tip-sonicator, with a sonication power of 50 W for 5 min to form shredded and exfoliated-carbon nitride nanosheets. During the 5 min of sonication, the sample was sonicated, and rested for 5 s each, alternatingly. After sonication, the suspension of MCNs in DI water was mixed with K2PtCl4 solution (1.6 mg mL−1) and stirred at 300 rpm at 70 °C for 8 h. The resulting product was washed with DI water and ethanol several times and dried in the dry oven at 60 °C overnight. The collected sample, from hence, is named Pt-MCNs. Preparation of Pt-MCN-SnO2 Fiber-in-Tubes. A 0.38 g amount